[storage-queue] listContainers to listQueues (#5789)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-js: sdk/storage/storage-queue/README.md

### List queues in this account

> Use `QueueServiceClient.listQueues()` function to iterate the queue containers,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use `QueueServiceClient.listQueues()` function to iterate the queues,
```
